Add an initial FAQ (#183)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: docs/faq.md

# FAQ

- **What’s new in latest splunk-otel-collector release?** Check the
  [CHANGELOG.md](../CHANGELOG.md)
- **What does "beta" mean?** Beta means that breaking changes could be
  introduced in a future release of this distribution. While in beta, Splunk
  provides full support for this distribution; customers use this distribution
  in production today.
- **Can upstream opentelemetry-collector or opentelemetry-collector-contrib be

>   used instead?** Yes, however Splunk does not provide support for upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  used instead?** Definitely, however we will not supply hands-on technical support for customers using the upstream distribution.
```

- **What’s different between Splunk distro and upstream?** Supported by Splunk, better

>   defaults for Splunk products, usability improvements, tools to support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  defaults for Splunk products, bundled FluentD for log capture, tools to support
```
